doc: add more details to grpc-compression configs (#18335) (#21067)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

### `grpc-compression-type`

> + The compression algorithm for gRPC messages, which affects gRPC messages between TiKV nodes and gRPC response messages sent from TiKV to TiDB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The compression algorithm for gRPC messages. It affects gRPC messages between TiKV nodes. Starting from v6.5.11, v7.1.6, v7.5.3, and v8.1.1, it also affects gRPC response messages sent from TiKV to TiDB.
```
